Ok, I hope you guys had a good coffee break.

I'll just check where is Stega.

Give me a second the problem HEL? I'm rather Jack.

She's a You wait me hello again.

Hello, you guys.

Okay.

Yeah, I haven't spoken to you guys in a while.

So, Okay.

So yeah, we have everyone.

So I'm gona go back to you now Melissa.

Yeah.

So whenever you ready, if you share your screen Okay.

Okay, so if you go to CRM, Yeah.

And if you refresh this now the status should move to visit complete.

Yeah.

So anytime the investigator finishes the side visit on their end and they submit it will go to visit complete.

So if you go to the portal on the next tab can I just be one? Yeah, Yes, please.

Okay.

Yeah.

So all the reports are here now.

So if you click on awaiting initial review, So Jackie, this is where you go in see what's a away in your review and then if you click into it and edit and Okay, yeah.

So you can kind of go from top to bottom if you want to change anything invoice status, let me take a note because that isn't meant to show or you super Admin now.

So, Okay.

So yeah, if you just go down and let's just say she wants to change approximate position and footage from 2 min to two..00 Yeah.

And go down all the way, you can go all the way Okay again.

Okay.

So yeah once thatum once you're done, you can just say initial review complete Okay scroll up Yeah, update this time its time there we go.

So as you can see it's now left the waiting initial review and it's gone to the waiting site visit review just couple of things if you go back to CRM, the stage will also move to visit on the review.

Yeah.

If you click on emails, it will send the music tracks as well as the first one.

If you get click of your email Yes.

So it will send them a hyperlink to the music track and then if they click on the link they can download the music track will make part of the CIS report anyway.

So I don't, I don't know if this, this is good or you have any comments about this, that's not the actual music.

So yeah, if you just copy the URL and you can just be a paste in a new time then he said Donald, then just open trial.

Does that automatically go or do I have to AECT box but automatically? Yeah.

As long? Yeah.

As long as you do your initial review, it will automatically go out.

Okay, Okay.

So if you go back, so we've completed Jackie's process now we're Gonna go to John.

So John, if you click on John, go to CRM in CRM.

No, no, no need because the review state status contains about Jackie and John.

I've just realised something John would look to createor see the instructions.

Okay, sorry, I've just, I've just had a light bulb moment so sorry if you go to create Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And then I waiting site visit review.

So this is John, this space.

Ideally what should happen is the link to I've just realized the link to the WorkDrive folder for the report that generated is in CRM.

So I will make it available for you in creator John.

So you don't have to be jumping back and forth.

So if you just open this the we spoons one and you go to Edits and just scroll all the way down all the way there we go.

And if you go to CRM now and scroll down keeps scrolling, keeps scroll in WorkDrive folder URL Yeah, Yeah.

If you just click the hyperlink there go.

So as you can see, it's generated, the music track is stored and it's also generated the site visit report as well.

So if you click the site Visive reports top is open with Yeah.

And you can just say open with Zoho Writer on the web.

Yeah.

Just say Okay, yeah.

And in head on if you want to make any solve any changes to the text you can Yeah.

And if you want to add images you don't to the report, this is where you you can do that as well.

Yeah.

So all goes well if you click file top left Yeah and download as PDF generating and Okay cool.

So if you go back to the portal don't you don't need to open this now.

Okay.

So did tab Yeah.

That's yeah.

So what don't you have to do is if there's audio files, you can take audio files.

So obviously you check the folder if there's audio files and just take audio files.

Okay.

And John, you can click Site V review completes to state that you've done your site visit review and you see where it says record upload.

Yeah.

If you upload the document you just downloaded.

Okay.

So one, Yes, I'm sorry sir.

Can you go? Can you go back to the Can you hear me? Okay.

If you can hear me my screen frozen.

So just give me a second just st Yeah, yeah, Melissa sorry.

Us meeting has been frozen itself.

So there is one step which actually missed here.

That is before John actually does this audio files and site review complete.

He first have to, you know, initial review of the invoice.

He has to do that.

So can you please cancel the screen? And yeah, if you scroll down there's a cancel button do that.

Okay.

And now you go to awaiting invoice, waiting invoice.

Yeah, so there you have the first one.

Yep.

Edit and here John will have to do the initial review of the invoice.

No, I think awaiting invoice.

Okay.

This is to send an invoice.

I think Okay, Okay, I'm sorry.

Close this close this awaiting invoice go to all invoices in ID ID workspace there is something called ID workspace, Okay? Which we have all invoices.

No, no, no, not this ID workspace.

Okay.

Since you have and added recently, I think that is not given just a moment.

I, you have not added the code maybe because of that.

I worksp.

Yeah.

Premise addresses get the window to do with the location of.

I'm not sure they may help.

Yeah.

Hi.

Can you hear me? I'm sorry if you can just let me know why you guys got through that.

Yes.

So first John has to review that initial review of the invoices, Right.

So that point, I was working, but I couldn't see the ID workspace for Lisa's account.

I'm just checking that just yeah.

I'm sorry, sir.

Can you click on reports in progress? Yeah.

Okay.

Just one second address that we get sent sometimes email year.

Can you click on all reports and all invoices? I'll add Yeah.

I'll add an invoice in the reports in progress as well.

Okay.

Yeah.

If you click on the first one and edit, so if you yeah.

On the invoice side, if you navigate to the if you scroll your screen to the right, Yeah, that's right.

And just scroll up always Yeah, just to wait Yeah, Yeah, and just scroll down just a little bit.

And John, this is why you can like, approve or disapprove of the amount that they put in.

So if you just say yes then client amount, there's no difference If you say yes or you say no then and then you need to state the client amount.

So say three rather than four.

Yep, just scroll down.

Yeah.

Okay if you scroll all the way down and scroll to the left Yeah, Oh Navia, Sorry.

Is it the initial review? Right? Yes, initial review company.

Okay if you scroll down, I will rename those fields as well.

Yeah, I just realised they're very alike.

And if you scroll down now again hey, updates client amount on investig amount going to be empty for unapproved items.

Can you click Okay and scroll up if you're going to rename these fields could you John approved and then Admin approved? Gotcha.

Yeah, yeah.

Okay sir.

Can you scroll up Melissa? Can you move that the second? Go hold on.

I don't know how to discover the that navigation if you go down there's two navigations that can move you to the left or right that, but that's yeah, yeah.

You move that Yep.

Okay.

And yet sorry for investigator amount then this is how much at the end of the day you pay the investigator and that's how much you make-up the final invoice.

So if you say for example, the investigator put in four, you're Gonna charge a customer three but you still want to pay the investigator for This is where you then put in and yet if you now scroll down Okay, Okay.

So if you go to reports in progress now and await INS site visit review and yeah.

If you yes.

If you scroll down Yeah.

So if you say audio files and site visit review complete and then upload the report now if you click on select file, you can open like your download Yeah.

Okay.

Then that's one that yeah.

The SVA report Yeah, Okay, Okay.

And just updates just take less time Okay, Okay.

And as you can see now it's moved from this report and it will be on the next report which is awaiting invoice if you Okay.

One second in the meantime if you go to CRM first the first time, Yeah, Yeah.

And just refresh this page as you can see it will go to report complete/available if you click on emails Yeah, you don't need to click on G summary, you can just click like the me Yeah, Okay, I will get that fixed.

Oh yeah, it's a link to the report as well, but the report will also be available for them to download from the portal Okay as well.

So if you click the if you can navigate to the client portal, Okay? Yeah, I just refresh.

Yeah, I just, I will have to let me take a note because that was all working.

Okay? Yeah, I've taken a note of that, but the button should be like the last one.

Yeah, Yeah.

And that way they can, they'll see the email, but they can also log into the portal to download the report as well.

If you go back to CRM, if the music available check box is ticked.

If you see an open activities, a task will be created to split the to get the audio files ready to send to the client.

But I only works if there's music files available.

If don'ts there's no music files available then it will just go straight to await an invoice.

And then you guys can generate the invoice.

So guys have Will Matthew and Gregory find what ones need they need to say do you for will that be somewhere that is easy to find or are they going to have to get through each? So they can? Yes, so they can if you click on the three dots beside premises check at the top that one here Oh no, no no other Yeah.

At the very top no, no sorry.

And the white lights in the blue the DOC application so Okay, yeah, yeah, you see tasks if you click that right so yeah, yeah, we still have some test data there anyway but CLOS but yeah, the subject will be sent audio files to client if they click if you click into that task, if you scroll down Yeah, it will give them a link to where the file is located.

Yeah.

And yeah.

And then they can download, split and email that back to the client join.

Yeah.

Okay.

So if you go back to send, you can close this tab, you can close the the other two tabs.

Okay.

And go to CRM now let's scroll up and on this page and close this off.

So if you so if you my apologies, if you click into the task so yeah, go to the instruction.

Yes.

Sorry.

So I'm sending you everywhere.

Check on open activities.

Yeah.

And then send audio files to client if you click that and if you see closed task just one here.

Yes, Okay, yes.

And then Mark as completed nice.

So it will send an email notification out to now, I think is it Melissa's or Allison's email? It will be notified, notified to both of them.

But currently for testing purpose, I've added mine.

So once they started testing, I'll add their Gmail accounts.

Yeah, so, yeah.

So basically once it's done, you get email notification Alison and Melissa to know that you can now go ahead with invoicing.

Okay.

So email goes out, let's go back to the portal now.

So ideally it should be on the awaiting invoice.

But if you just click on the just give me a second.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

So just trying to fix it live.

So yeah, Okay if you refresh your screen now, thanks.

So the steps would be invoice click yeah.

So if you click on all reports and go to all invoices and yeah, if you click on the first one please scroll down and yeah ID review completes if you're satisfied with everything.

Okay.

So usually we so we usually me making up are invoices usually add on a management fee.

Is that for the client? Yeah, that's what the line.

Okay? Is the fee a set price or does it change? Yeah, Okay, Yeah, if we if it's able to be changed sometimes we don't, you tell me something add the management fee, but a lot the time we do most.

Okay, Yeah.

In that case then what we will do is we add in.

So if you scroll up so in here we'll just added, you guys can add like a new line.

Yeah, Yeah, if it, if it's and it wouldn't change, we can generate the management fee already and then you guys can review.

Would that be better? Yes, Okay, Okay, Yeah, What is the management If you don't mind me asking, sorry.